Mobile phone app: RPG game
The concept is simple. A strategy based rpg game with a turn based combat system. It lets you replay missions automatically for grinding 
purposes, use items in and out of combat, has events and requires energy to start up missions, energy that regenerates with time.
At the start of the game I used a BUILDER design pattern in order to let the user customize its character. He can choose his hair, mouth,
eyes and class out of several options. The used will later be able to modify the customization but not the class. 
The main event the player is able to access is the arena where he will be able to fight different monster types in a sequence for rewards.
The background is going to be populated with several npcs. In other to populate the area I used a PROTOTYPE design pattern. 
In creating the npcs I used the FACTORY design pattern in order to create multiple npc types. There are three types of npcs: generic ones
(they only provide a few lines of dialogue), quest ones (they give quests to the player), merchants (they sell items to the player). 
They derive form the same idea but have different functions.
Moving on to the enemies. They are the same with some minor modifications, mostly esthetic in their look and attack moves. They are 
deriving from one another because there are 4 types of enemies based on elements (water, earth, fire, air). Which is why I used the 
DECORATOR (mostly to change the color of the enemies). 
The player also has a forging system where he can make new weapons and armor for his character. This should be based on a COMPOSITE 
design pattern as they derive from the same basic idea. They have the same general idea and are derived from the same classes (rogue 
pants are derived from pants which are derived from armor etc.).
There is one more type of item in the game: consumables. They are used in fights in order to boost your stats(mana for spells,health
and bonus stats). Those are on a FLYWEIGTH design. They are not very different but they have different stats.
As stated before the combat of the game is, as stated before, turn based. Because of this the STATE design pattern matches the best. 
Each round you get to pick the state of the character (attack, defense, use spell, special move etc.).
In order to make armor you need special items which are dropped from enemies in the levels. The game lets you replay past levels 
automatically and give you random drops based on an algorithm. This can be achieved with the COMMAND design pattern.
Last but not least you need to wait for you energy to regenerate in order to play more levels. The application sends push notification 
in order to let you know when you energy has fully regenerated. This is best suited for the OBSERVER design pattern.
